Write surface source files per batch (#3124)
openmc-dev/openmc: docs/source/io_formats/settings.rst

    *Default*: None

  :batches:

>     A list of integers indicating at what batches a surface source file 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An Iterable of integers indicating at what batches a surface source file 
```

Author: Done!

    should be written.

>     *Default*: Last batch only

Reviewer: The default is usually listed as a value for the argument rather than a description. Let's add a sentence above indicating that a source file, `surface_source.h5`, will be generated by default if this attribute is not set.

Reviewer: Oh, let's also indicate that the surface source bank will be cleared in simulation memory each time a surface source file is written.

Author: Done!

    *Default*: None

  :batches:
    An Iterable of integers indicating at what batches a surface source file 
    should be written. The surface source bank will be cleared in simulation 

>     memory each time a surface source file is written. By default a 
>     ``surface_source.h5`` file will be created in the last batch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    memory each time a surface source file is written. By default, in the 
    absence of this attribute, a ``surface_source.h5`` file will be created 
    after the last batch.
```

Author: Done :+1:
